# pubg-finish-placement-prediction-rank12-solution
Description to the Rank 12 (out of 1534) solution to the popular PUBG Finish Placement Prediction kernel competition at Kaggle

Link to the competition: https://www.kaggle.com/c/pubg-finish-placement-prediction

Competition description:
So, where we droppin' boys and girls?

Battle Royale-style video games have taken the world by storm. 100 players are dropped onto an island empty-handed and must explore, scavenge, and eliminate other players until only one is left standing, all while the play zone continues to shrink.

PlayerUnknown's BattleGrounds (PUBG) has enjoyed massive popularity. With over 50 million copies sold, it's the fifth best selling game of all time, and has millions of active monthly players.

The team at PUBG has made official game data available for the public to explore and scavenge outside of "The Blue Circle." This competition is not an official or affiliated PUBG site - Kaggle collected data made possible through the PUBG Developer API.

You are given over 65,000 games' worth of anonymized player data, split into training and testing sets, and asked to predict final placement from final in-game stats and initial player ratings.

What's the best strategy to win in PUBG? Should you sit in one spot and hide your way into victory, or do you need to be the top shot? Let's let the data do the talking!

What are Kernels only competition?
Kernels only competition are trickier than regular competitions since the solution must be generated by the kaggle kernel within the pre-defined compute and storage limits: 5x20GB Dataset(s), 5 GB Disk Space, 6 hour run time, and 4 CPU's w/ 16GB RAM -- plus an optional GPU.

Data: https://www.kaggle.com/c/pubg-finish-placement-prediction/data

File names:

Model used:

Number of features used: 

Score (single model): 

Score (ensemble):

